Search Incidents Enhancement (#10663)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_3_9.md

#### Scripts
##### SearchIncidentsV2

> - Added a new output *foundIncidents.incidentLink* - a list with URL links to all incidents that were found. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new output, *foundIncidents.incidentLink*, which is a list containing URL links to all incidents that were found. 
```
